Add example for advanced mdx deck usage (#260)
zeit/now-examples: mdx-deck-advanced/README.md

# Advanced MDX-deck

In this example we will be deploying an [mdx-deck](https://github.com/jxnblk/mdx-deck) presentation which will also contain:
+ Images that we want to be available offline
+ Custom MDX-deck layouts
+ Code snippets that we want to be available offline
+ A custom [Codesurfer](https://elijahmanor.com/code-surfer/) React component to navigate code snippets
![images/demo.gif](images/demo.gif)

## Getting started with Advanced MDX-deck
A sample presentation has been created at `demo-advanced.mdx`

### Deploy with Now

First we need to create a `now.json` configuration file to instruct Now how to build the project.

> For this example we will be using our newest version [Now 2.0](https://zeit.co/now).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this example we will be using our newest version [Now 2.0](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/platform/upgrade-to-2-0/).
```

Author: Consider it done.

By adding the `version` key to the `now.json` file, we can specify which Now Platform version to use.

> We also need to define each builders we would like to use. [Builders](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/builders/overview/) are modules that take a deployment's source and return an output, consisting of [either static files or dynamic Lambdas](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/builds/#sources-and-outputs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also need to define how the project will be built. In this case, we will use the [@now/mdx-deck Builder](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/official-builders/mdx-deck-now-mdx-deck/).

[Builders](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/builders/overview/) are modules that take a deployment's source and return an output, consisting of [either static files or dynamic Lambdas](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/builds/#sources-and-outputs).
```

Author: I dig it. Adding that now...

> Then we need to add a `now.json` file to specify we want to use our Platform V2.

Reviewer: We have already created the now.json file.

Let's remove this?

Author: Agreed. It's already part of the demo; would be weird to literally see someone create it from scratch.
